FitPace is a blockchain backed digital fitness ecosystem that contains an exercise web application (Exercise and Earn) and an integrated metaverse platform.
Exercise to Earn can incentivize active users with Algorand Standard Assets (ASAs) tokens when they meet their exercise goal. The integrated metaverse platform, which allows users to purchase and own their dream items with ASA tokens earned from FitPace application, delivers a unique user experience in the augmented reality gaming world.
The motivation behind this initiative is triggered by recent studies showing the negative impact on our routine fitness lives as a result of COVID-19 pandemic. COVID-19 pandemic has lasted for 2 years, with the imposed lockdown, closure of fitness and indoor activity centres, many people’s routine gym life has been severely impacted and it is getting harder for some people being motived to going back to their routine exercise again. This not just introduces a reduction in fitness level of each individuals but also causes psychological heath concerns.

FitPace aims at motivating people to go back to their pre-pandemic health routines by incentivizing their participation in doing exercise, and is going to achieve that from below three aspects:
1.	Let user earn tokens from doing exercise. The ASAs generated has monetary value and can be spent in the integrated metaverse platform that provides a fascinating user experience to enjoy your dream goods or items that users haven’t been able to purchase in the real world, such as their dream cars, or a dream dress.
2.	Awards earned from FitPace competitions will be generated in a Non-Fungible Token (NFT) form which can be bought, sold or auctioned in the integrated metaverse platform.
3.	A fun and enjoyable gaming experience in owning all your dream goods or items in the integrated metaverse platform.
Most of the digital fitness application in the market today only has the social networking feature but with neither monetary incentives nor interconnected  metaverse platform that provides an enjoyable gaming experience.
We believe the growing popularity in digital fitness space today will greatly improve user adoption, liquidity, market branding and market share of Algorand ASAs by introducing this fitness ecosystem in the market.
